Update content.md (#3721)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: docs/content.md

	* [Inset text](#inset-text)
	* [YouTube Video](#youtube-video)
	* [Hero](#hero)
4. [Creating a Blog Post](#creating-a-blog-post)
	* [Images](#images)
	* [Footers](#footers)
5. [Navigation](#navigation)
	* [Main Navigation](#main-navigation)
	* [Category Pages](#category-pages)
6. [Build errors](#build-errors)
7. [Internship providers](#internship-providers)
8. [Creating a new page](#creating-a-new-page)
9. [Preview a change](#preview-a-change)
10. [Saving a change](saving-a-change)
11. [If you add something to the wrong branch](wrong-branch)
12. [Redirect URLs](redirect-urls) 

## Setting up Codespaces and Github

You will need to download and set up an account on Github and Visual Code Studio with help from the team. Once you're ready:

1. Go to the master branch link: https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app
2. Select the green button '<> Code' and create a branch
3. This will start 'setting up a Codespace'
4. Once this is loaded, go to the top left hand corner and select the three horizontal lines - this will open a drop down
5. Select 'Open in VS Code Desktop'

> 6. This will open the file on Visual Code Studios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. This will open the file on Visual Studio Code
```

	* [Inset text](#inset-text)
	* [YouTube Video](#youtube-video)
	* [Hero](#hero)
4. [Creating a Blog Post](#creating-a-blog-post)
	* [Images](#images)
	* [Footers](#footers)
5. [Navigation](#navigation)
	* [Main Navigation](#main-navigation)
	* [Category Pages](#category-pages)
6. [Build errors](#build-errors)
7. [Internship providers](#internship-providers)
8. [Creating a new page](#creating-a-new-page)
9. [Preview a change](#preview-a-change)
10. [Saving a change](saving-a-change)
11. [If you add something to the wrong branch](wrong-branch)
12. [Redirect URLs](redirect-urls)
13. [Finding links on the site](links-site)

## Setting up Codespaces and Github

You will need to download and set up an account on Github and Visual Studio Code with help from the team. Once you're ready:

1. Go to the master branch link: https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app
2. Select the green button '<> Code' and create a branch
3. This will start 'setting up a Codespace'
4. Once this is loaded, go to the top left hand corner and select the three horizontal lines - this will open a drop down
5. Select 'Open in VS Code Desktop'
6. This will open the file on Visual Studio Code

> 7. When you run a codespace it will make up a branch name: **when you next go on to github and want to run a codespace, you should use the same branch everytime. You do not need to make a new one every time.**

Reviewer 2: every time - space missing

> 	* [Category Pages](#category-pages)

Reviewer 2: Do we need to add something into the main guidance about downloading VS code and using it locally and then how you commit changes, push them e.t.c.?

5. [Build errors](#build-errors)
6. [Internship providers](#internship-providers)

> 7. [Creating a new page](#creating-a-new-page)

Reviewer: Should this be higher up in the guidance?

- Export the XLSX to CSV with filename `internship_providers.csv`
- Place it in the `lib/tasks/support` directory.
- Run `bundle exec rake teaching_internship_providers:generate`.

##Creating a new page

1. **Make sure you start by creating a new branch on master**
2. Navigate to the right hand side bar, where you want the new page to sit
3. Right hand click and select 'New file'
4. Give name to file ie. when-to-appy.md **make sure you put md on the end of the name**

Now you have created a page - you will need to fill in the top details:

> ###If you have created a page that will appear in one of the tile sections ie. How to apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If you have created a page that will appear in one of the tile sections ie. How to apply
```

- Export the XLSX to CSV with filename `internship_providers.csv`
- Place it in the `lib/tasks/support` directory.
- Run `bundle exec rake teaching_internship_providers:generate`.

## Creating a new page

> 1. **Make sure you start by creating a new branch on master**

Reviewer 2: Do we have anything in the guidance on how to create a new branch? I don't think I saw anything in the other sections?

> 2. Navigate to the right hand side bar, where you want the new page to sit

Reviewer 2: Do we need to be more specific as there are the sections that have the blue arrows and there are also the red <> components. So I wouldn't know which one I was meant to be setting it up in or what the difference is between the two if they both have the same name?

Author: @MaxineCl can add it. Is it that the blue arrows are the pages, the reds are components?

3. Right hand click and select 'New file'
4. Give name to file ie. when-to-apply.md **make sure you put md on the end of the name if it is a markdown file**

Now you have created a page - you will need to fill in the top details:

> 

Reviewer 2: How do I add in the different components? Do I need to copy them from existing pages? How do I know what components I need and how do I order them? How do I add in things like CTAs?

Author: @MaxineCl probably not worth putting in here because i've never done it/always ask gareth to do it?

Reviewer: I think this is worth adding - this is useful to know as you should be able to create your own pages?

Reviewer: I'd suggest you create a new ticket that we can come back to in early January and list the other things to add, rather than delay this PR

**If you have created a page that will appear in one of the tile sections ie. How to apply**

title: 	title will appear as the h1 title and the tab

description: must start with |- and then you can write the text here

related_content: list your related content links here, formatted as internal links

navigation:  this is to decide where they the tile for this page will sit on the page - you will need to check what the other pages are listed as. They will be formatted like '30.20' - '30' will stand for the home page (in this case, how to apply) and the '20' will be the order it sits in on the tiles. These usually are assigned in increments of 5, just in case you later want to move on further up it can be easily moved by assigning an inbetween number.  

navigation_title: This is the title that will appear in the tiles

navigation_description: This is the description that will appear in the tiles

keywords: use semrush to put keywords here, do a bulletpointed list using dashes like below:
  - adviser
  - advisor
  - ITT

Here is a blank version to take and fill in:

> title:

Reviewer: need to add in how to add a different h1

Reviewer: @caitlin-reidy Can you add this in? I think the name is `heading:` if you are using a separate h1 from the title

description: 
related_content: 
navigation:  
navigation_title: 
navigation_description: 
keywords: 

## Preview a change

> 1. Go to the terminal tab on Visual studio codes **or** Go the top bar of your laptop - click terminal - click 'new terminal'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the terminal tab on Visual Studio Code **or** Go the top bar of your laptop - click terminal - click 'new terminal'
```

> 2. a line of code will come up and you should type in **bin/dev**, this will start a series of code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A line of code will be displayed. Enter **bin/dev**. This will start a series of code
```

> 3. When it is finished running, go into the ports tab and click the globe icon by 127.0.0.1:3000, this will open the browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When it has finished running, go into the ports tab and click the globe icon by 127.0.0.1:3000. This will open the browser
```

> 4. When putting in a page to preview it, right click the page title on the left hand side bar in visual studio code and copy path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When putting in a page to preview it, right click the page title on the left hand side bar in Visual Studio Code and copy path
```

> 5. go to the url: http://127.0.0.1:3000 and insert a / on the end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Go to the url: http://127.0.0.1:3000 and insert a / on the end
```

> 6. the copied path will be something like this: /workspaces/get-into-teaching-app/app/views/content/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The copied path will be something like this: /workspaces/get-into-teaching-app/app/views/content/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher.md
```

> 7. edit this path to only be the necessary page paths: /a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Edit this path to only be the necessary page path: /a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher
```

The url is http://127.0.0.1:3000/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher

## Saving a change

> When you have made a change in visual studio and want to save your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have made a change in Visual Studio Code and want to save your work.
```

1. Save the change by CTRL-S
2. This will cause a notification on the source control
3. You will need to type a name for this change in the 'message' box
4. Click the plus button that appears on the change - this will stage the change
5. Click 'sync changes'

> 6. and then Commit changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Commit the changes
```
Does this need any explanation?

## Saving a change
When you have made a change in Visual Studio Code and want to save your work.
1. Save the change by CTRL-S
2. This will cause a notification on the source control
3. You will need to type a name for this change in the 'message' box
4. Click the plus button that appears on the change - this will stage the change
5. Click 'sync changes'
6. Commit the changes
7. This will then open a pull request, you will need to fill in the details for this and click 'Create pull request'
8. You can monitor pull requests and assign reviewers here https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app/pulls

## If you add something to the wrong branch

You can change the branch you've put changes under by going onto the pull request from the branch.
At the top there will be a line saying something like: 'you merged 1 commit into page-titles from Cookies-policy-update 3 hours ago'
If you want to move where this branch sits, click on the first title 'page titles' and it will produce a drop down
Select the correct place from the drop down.

## Redirect URLs
If you search in Visual Code Studios 'redirects' it will take you to a page 'redirects.yml'

> **You can only redirect internal links. If you want to redirect to external links you should ask devs in the team to help you.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Currently you can only redirect internal links in this file. External redirects are handled in the routes file; you may need developer support to create or amend these.**
```

- Export the XLSX to CSV with filename `internship_providers.csv`
- Place it in the `lib/tasks/support` directory.
- Run `bundle exec rake teaching_internship_providers:generate`.

## Creating a new page

1. **Make sure you start by creating a new branch on master**
To do this you will need to
	- always open Visual Studio Code from https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app and open from the green code button
	- once Visual Studio Code is open, click the search bar and select 'Create new branch'
	- type in the name of your new branch and press enter
	- if your branch has been created, it will appear as a name in the bottom left hand corner, next to the blue tab of the codespace name 

3. Navigate to the right hand side bar, where you want the new page to sit
4. Right hand click and select 'New file'

> 5. Give name to file ie. when-to-apply.md **make sure you put md on the end of the name if it is a markdown file**

Reviewer 2: how do you know if it's a markdown file? Is that just one with text as opposed to it being a component?

Reviewer: Let's add this to the checklist for the next iteration!

Now you have created a page - you will need to fill in the top details:

**If you have created a page that will appear in one of the category pages ie. How to apply**

title: 	title will appear in the browser tab

> heading: is the h1 for the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heading: this is the h1 for the page - only needed if you want the h1 and the title to be different. If not, just add the title
```

keywords: use Semrush to put keywords here, do a bulletpointed list using dashes like below:
  - adviser
  - advisor
  - ITT

Here is a blank version to take and fill in:
title:
heading:
description: 
related_content: 
navigation:  
navigation_title: 
navigation_description: 
keywords: 

## Preview a change
1. Go to the terminal tab on Visual Studio Code **or** Go the top bar of your laptop - click terminal - click 'new terminal'
2. A line of code will come up and you should type in **bin/dev**, this will start a series of code
3. When it has finished running, go into the ports tab and click the globe icon by 127.0.0.1:3000. This will open the browser
4. When putting in a page to preview it, right click the page title on the left hand side bar in Visual Studio Code and copy path
5. Go to the url: http://127.0.0.1:3000 and insert a / on the end
6. The copied path will be something like this: /workspaces/get-into-teaching-app/app/views/content/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher.md
7. Edit this path to only be the necessary page path: /a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher

The url is http://127.0.0.1:3000/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-teacher

> 

Reviewer 2: @caitlin-reidy do you think saving a change should be before preview as you can't see it in preview unless you've saved it?

## Saving a change
When you have made a change in Visual Studio Code and want to save your work.
1. Save the change by CTRL-S
2. This will cause a notification on the source control
3. You will need to type a name for this change in the 'message' box
4. Click the plus button that appears on the change - this will stage the change
5. Click 'sync changes'
6. Commit the changes

> 7. This will then open a pull request, you will need to fill in the details for this and click 'Create pull request'

Reviewer 2: @caitlin-reidy does it automatically create a PR if you commit changes or do you need to click create pull request? I thought you could work locally on pages without creating a PR? But I may have totally misunderstood and been creating PRs without realising!

Author: I've added this to the backlog because i have no idea!

If you want to move where this branch sits, click on the first title 'page titles' and it will produce a drop down
Select the correct place from the drop down.

## Redirect URLs
If you search in Visual Studio Code 'redirects' it will take you to a page 'redirects.yml'
**Currently you can only redirect internal links in this file. External redirects are handled in the routes file; you may need developer support to create or amend these.**
You will need to follow the pattern that the list of redirects uses in this file.
It will need to be in quotation marks. Then, you need to put the old url a colon and then the new url like this "/oldurl": "/newurl"
Example: "/train-to-be-a-teacher/teacher-training-personal-statement": "/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/teacher-training-personal-statement"
Press enter to create an indention - 
Make sure the line is indented (the fine, white line that is currently running on the left hand side of all urls).

## Finding links on the site
You can find everywhere a page is linked to by:
1. Go to [Github](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app)

> 2. There is a search bar in the top right hand side

Reviewer 2: @caitlin-reidy missing full stops at the end of the sentences?
